## Privacy Policy

WishSimulator.App operates the _https://wishsimulator.app_ website, which provides the Free SERVICE.

This page is used to inform website visitors regarding our policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use our Service, the WishSimulator.App website.

If you choose to use our Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation with this policy. The Personal Information that we collect are used for providing and improving the Service. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy. Our Privacy Policy was created with the help of the [Privacy Policy Template Generator](https://www.privacypolicytemplate.net/).

The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, which is accessible at _https://wishsimulator.app_, unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy.

## Information Collection and Use

WishSimulator.App does not collect or store any personally identifiable information about you.

However, the app may use third party services that may collect information used to identify you. The information that these third party services request will be retained on your device and is not collected by me in any way.

## Service Providers

We may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons:

- To facilitate our Service
- To provide the Service on our behalf
- To perform Service-related services; or
- To assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.

We want to inform our Service users that these third parties have access to your Personal Information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However, they are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose.

## Links to Other Sites

Our Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by us. Therefore, we strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. We have no control over, and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.

## Changes to This Privacy Policy

We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, we advise you to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately, after they are posted on this page.

## Contact Us

If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact the author at admin@wishsimulator.app.

This privacy policy page was created at [privacypolicytemplate.net](https://privacypolicytemplate.net) and modified/generated by **App Privacy Policy Generator**

